[Version Mgmt] Compare versions page (#9875)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/version-management/how-to/compare-versions.md

---
title: Compare versions
pcx_content_type: how-to
weight: 4
---

# Compare versions

Quickly view differences between versions to make sure your configurations are correct before [promoting a version](/version-management/how-to/environments/#change-environment-version) to a new environment.

A common use case would be to compare the versions in staging and production to verify the changes before promoting the staging version to production.

To compare versions:

> 1. Log into the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Log in to the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com).
```
